prespectiuve
\

Draft from apple notes:

Chapter 5: Perspective 

“The grass is always greener on the other side”. What if it is? If you hopped the fence once you can do it again.

It’s all a matter of perspective but at some point life will get boiled down to some objective realities. The only thing that matters is what happened in the present. (Using English is so fun).




Who was spending too much time in the future? The power of now. “All worry and fear is caused by too much future and not enough present. All guilt worry and resentment is caused by too much past and not enough present. So time is the source of your suffering”.  (Lol in the future that means you can look back on it and say it was not suffering)
Need more time in the present
Is that perspective
If you spend more time in the present you can visit the future  and have a blast. But if you stay too long you will run into the same problematic cycle you started out with. The future is only good / can only peak when you make the foundation in the present

It is really interesting how the past can always get twisted to be what ever suits someones needs in the present. How someone can change the past one way or another Looking back on anything you can begin to see you can make reality what ever you want it to be given enough time. 

We take action in the present in hopes that our future will see the past a certain way. What if we first assume sysiphys is happy?

Implications then the only problem you can face today is nothing. Not doing something. 
Is it right to say that doing something is always better than nothing. No.some times nothing can be something. 
Maybe its not that your action is good or bad but it is beautiful. 



Its every time I read Dantes inferno its a different book. Which begs the question. Has the book changed. Or have I. -himym



Albert Camus in the myth of psysifis: “the absurd” Embrace the absurdity of the work. Once must imagine sysiphis as happy. 







I was officially introduced to pathological liars for the first time yesterday. In my head There is some thing right and wrong when you tell a lie. Telling a lie is bad. So the person knows they told a lie. So they are wrong but then in the future they might not know they lied because they based it off another lie so their past changed and their telling the truth. This is the first time that Someone posited to me that we should treat a liar with respect and caring. 
See what is it because the truth to me is something that simply: makes sense and is elegant. Sometimes a lie can make sense and a little white lie can so elegantly make things better. 

It doesn’t matter what you do now because you can always change it in the future. So you might as well do something now. 



Yeah im quoting things that I found in the present by people who have relayed things from the past because the originals hardly matter the form in which I found them in the present is what gives its significance to me. Thats why I sometimes like a song better that I have been mistakenly skinging for years.




It is said that Mozart behtovan and Chopin never died. They simply became music. 

How am I going to bundle all this up into the story that I want to tell. Thats the fun in the journey. 




This book is made to start anywhere and finish anywhere and be anywhere in the middle. It should make about as much sense no matter what in the end where ever that is. That is why chapter 5 is the first chapter of my book. But I wrote chapter 4 first. 

All of these connections only make sense when you look back on them. But you can't look back on them if you don't make them in the present. If you miss something in the past you can alway just put it in place in the  future. 


Honestly... This entire thing is plagerized. 
I don't even think I learned how to read I just memorized a bunch of other people's words. 


When the tides are changing it does matter who turned the ship and when or if the tide has changed before your turn. All that matters is that you are captaining the ship and and you are making the appropriate course corrections to keep going. You know it will always keep changing so it doesn’t matter why you have to make a change. Its just funny you did.

The monkeys imprinting on a random robot. Makes the robot randomly be closer to them 





Talk about soul and how it loops back around to what the movie is really about. They key to happy ness is to withhold happiness. 

This is where quantum physics  is necessary to understand the next part.
How can Happiness make you happy while Also being the very thing that prevents you from being happy. 
Everyone always talks about do everything in moderation which is true. I just said too much of a good thing is a bad thing. But It also flips back around on it self were if you don’t do anything extreme/ don’t do anything with your life you will also run into a similar problem. 
I think the best thing you can do for yourself is fund that thing that you love. Just can’t live without. And restrict it. For me that is food. I like to joke with my friends that I have obesity, I just handle it very well. And I handle it very well by doing “extreme fasting and experimenting with different lifestyles” that many people will justly say is wrong crazy or dangerous. But if you take a closer look at my stories I am never actually running into the problem that you have imagined that I am facing. I say I am only happy when I don’t eat. But in actuality I only feel like I haven’t ate. I had breakfast lunch and dinner and am currently cooking a large diner. But it was small. So small that in my mind I actually could assume it was nothing. I could have gone without it. And I probably could have. But I didn’t. 




Once you appreciate the complexity of a simple circumstance 

I said you're over thinking things
And I said dang yeah that's true I am 
But I wouldn't be in this predicament if I wasn't already over thinking things 
And I used quantum physics to explain to myself that I can actually find a solution to my problem EVEN if I have over thought it


The day I actually figured it out 
3/9/2021 5 am finished explaining it to Paul at 5:30 went to bed at midnight last night sweating and feeling constapaited because I couldn't quite get it 
And I woke up I had a dream and I got it 
This is it 














How philosophers make breakfast in the morning:
A cooking book for philosophers be like:

How to make an egg soufflé
Cooking instructions:

Kill your self or make breakfast


It’s probably really good people in the olden days just used to stay in their lane even nowadays everyone kinda just wants to do everything. Like when you were the towns black smith you used to smith blacks every day until you died. But now you hear about kids coming back from Williams burg elementary school Field trips saying they got to smith something in a black smith shop and blow glass! That’s insane. It’s great that we can do that now. But we sure as shooting couldn’t do it back in the olden days. Can you imagine what would have happened if we had schools just trying to make philosophers learn home ec? Like the teacher would ask them to come back the next day with instructions on how to make breakfast and the philosopher would just think well i could kill myself of make breakfast. Is that what you were looking for?


When people say I don’t know how you cant undeestand this
I can t do anything
I could not get up all day there was nothing that I wanted to do and if it wasn’t for my cat I would have Kms. 
I always looked at this with a lot of reverence. How could that possibly make sense. You are saying you are stuck in this pit of dispare that no one can get out from but you are saying you need to be apreciative of that persons situation because they cant just come out and party with you or their friends. I said well you did, they did, you eventually figured it out. Like you weren’t doing nothing. You still went to work and all this stuff. How can you say you were incapable of doing anything when you did. You kept your self alive. And for what? You made the excuse that it was for your cat or your houseplant. It doesn’t matter. What matters is that you ended up doing it. 
Even though i just said the exact same thing the perspective on that is slightly different. And you don’t realize that it was the same situation leading to the same events that you could have just solved any which way by doing anything. Just one therapist but the lightbulb has to want to change first. 







